From our previous examples and implementations we already know how to create cues using Java and spring
for rabbit.
Q But is that all.
And is that the only way to create cues.
That's No.
We have several ways to implement queues and configure them with spring and Jawa So to take a closer
look at it.
Let's create another configuration class and try to create queues in different ways.
So I'm going to create a new class and I'll give the name to my class as rabbit and q q configuration.
All right and of course that class is going to be annotated as a configuration for our purpose.
All right.
Now the first and the initial way of creating Qs with rabbit MQ using spring and Jawa was the bean way
of defining the Qs so let's remember that again we were creating a bean for our cue and we were saying
we wanted a cue from of course and keep the core and we can provide any name for our method.
This is just going to be a reference.
So you can just type example Q or anything
and inside the bean we were returning as the type of the cue we were saying Return new cue and then
we were providing the durability and other arguments for the Q and for the simplicity we first provided
the name for the Q and let's say example Q
Or we have a typo there and let's just fix that.
And forward the second argument as durability.
You provided false.
So this is the weird basic and simplest way to create cues using spring and Jawa.
If we run our application we will be simply seeing an example.
You create it inside or rabid MQ Broecker But how about the other ways of creating cues.
We have a very useful class for creating cues from AM Cupie which is the cube builder.
So let's take a look at it right now.
I'll just go down below and I'm going to say I need a bean again.
And with that being I'm going to create a Q but this time it's going to be in a different way.
So I'll say example.
Second Q..
And inside this method inside this bean I'm going to build a new cue.
So I'll say return to builder and you should note that it's coming from al Qaeda Corrigan and we're
now going to use this builder methods to build our CU in a fluent and declare that way.
So I want my cue to be durable.
All pro-white auto delete.
And I can say it is exclusive or not.
And I can of course provide arguments in a key Willo fashion.
And of course I can provide multiple arguments as a map of key well use and so on.
So when I finished declaring my queue in this builder method I can simply call the build method and
say that my queue is ready just like that.
And of course for our queue to be built properly we have to give it a name right here.
So for our purpose I'm going to say.
Example.
Second Q..
All right.
Now if we run our application again we should be seeing that we have to use one as the example Q And
the second one as the example second.
Q So let's rerun our application
Our application is starting up
and here we go and let's go down below to our logs and take a closer look at them.
And you should note that we have two different lines this time we have lines saying order declaring
a non-durable auto delete or exclusive Q named as example.
Q The one that we annotated down one up we just created right here and the second line below that is
saying the same thing.
An example second Q as durable to auto delete true and exclusive.
True and so on.
So let's take them out in the rabbit MQ dashboard.
All right.
And as we can see here we have example Q And we have example second queue created from our gelcoat.
And if we go inside the example queue it doesn't have any features and durability.
But if we go back and check out the example second queue it is exclusive auto delete.
We were able to create our queues in two different ways using the declared API eyes of AM KPN spraying.
So these are the two most preferred ways of creating queues using spring and Jawa and you can simply
create any kind of queue with any arguments that you want using this declared the builder methods.